Docs: "api" in the configuration should not include a trailing slash (#16869)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/src/reference/registry-index.md

  `/{crate}/{version}/download` is appended to the end.
- `api`: This is the base URL for the web API. This key is optional, but if it
  is not specified, commands such as [`cargo publish`] will not work. The web

>   API is described below. This URL **SHOULD NOT** have a trailing slash.

Reviewer: *[View changes since the review](https://triagebot.infra.rust-lang.org/gh-changes-since/rust-lang/cargo/16869/3185f58bbb76877cb80a8d39225eb70bd50f590b..387730501ffb6874cefe68cbe35c527e929faf0b)*

The surrounding writing style doesn't favor the RFC style "**SHOULD NOT**". I would suggest we don't do it here.

This is my suggestion:

```suggestion
  API is described below. This URL should not end with a trailing slash.
```

Registries that require authentication must set `auth-required: true` in `config.json`.

#### Caching

> Cargo caches the crate metadata files, and captures the `ETag` or `Last-Modified` 

Reviewer: *[View changes since the review](https://triagebot.infra.rust-lang.org/gh-changes-since/rust-lang/cargo/16869/3185f58bbb76877cb80a8d39225eb70bd50f590b..b2fbaa8a357900baad230d98af1957de60dd238b)*

This trailing space cleanup should be in a separate commit. Anyway, looks good.

Author: Whoops, sorry about that.  My editor did it, I made sure not to include it the first time around, and wasn't as vigilant the second time
